.. _customerchanges:

Customer Changes For Attribute And Activation
---------------------------------------------

1.	Client send a mail to QT about the customer changes.
2.	QT investigates about the changes.
3.	 If changes not requires, QT sends a mail to client which indicates no changes required.
4.	If changes required in increasing the users, MT send mail to SA to work on the particular changes. SA work on the particular changes and release to MT.
5.	MT verifies the changes and release to QT. QT tests the particular account changes.
6.	If issues occurs, QT follow the issue process.
7.	QT send a mail to client which indicates customer changes have been completed.
8.	 If changes required in increasing the storage space, MT send mail to SA to work on the particular changes. SA work on the particular changes and release to MT. 
9.	MT verifies the changes and release to QT. QT tests the particular account changes.
10.	If issues occurs , QT follow the issue process.
11.	QT send a mail to client which indicates customer changes have been completed.
12.	If changes required in activating  the SSL encryption, MT send mail to SA to work on the particular changes. SA work on the particular changes and release to MT. 
13.	MT verifies the changes and release to QT. QT tests the particular account changes.
14.	If issues occurs , QT follow the issue process.
15.	QT send a mail to client which indicates customer changes have been completed.
16.	If changes required in deleting the paid account, MT send mail to SA to work on the particular changes. SA work on the particular changes and release to MT. 
17.	MT verifies the changes and release to QT. QT tests the particular account changes.
18.	If issues occurs , QT follow the issue process.
19.	QT send a mail to client which indicates customer changes have been completed.
20.	If changes required in deactivate any module, MT send mail to SA to work on the particular changes. SA work on the particular changes and release to MT. 
21.	MT verifies the changes and release to QT. QT tests the particular account changes.
22.	If issues occurs , QT follow the issue process.
23.	QT send a mail to client which indicates customer changes have been completed.
24.	If changes required in activate any module, MT send mail to SA to replicate the particular paid account to testing account.
25.	 SA work on the particular changes and release to MT. 
26.	MT verifies the changes and release to QT. QT tests the particular account changes.
27.	If issues occurs , QT follow the issue process.
28.	QT send a mail to client which indicates customer changes have been completed.


Done By  								           Verified By

(KALAIMANI P)							         (JOHNNY P)

