.. _feedbackprocess:

Feedback Process flow
---------------------

1.	QT test an issues which is released by DT.
2.	If the issue does not exists again, QT closed the issue.
3.	If the issue exists again, QT changes the status of the issue to feedback in bug tracker.
4.	QT send a feedback mail to DT member who got 1st feedback.
5.	QT check whether DT member send comment for feedback.
6.	If DT member does not reply to the feedback mail, QT will send an reminder mail to the DT member. Repeat the process 5 and 6 until QT get the comment from DT for feedback.
7.	If DT member replied to the feedback mail, QT update the comments  for feedback issue in bug tracker.
8.	If DT does not fix the feedback issue in 48 hours, QT will send a mail to DT.
9.	If DT fix the feedback issues in 48 hours, DT release the feedback issue to QT after solving it.
9.1.	QT again test the issue which is released by DT, If the issue does not exists again, QT closed the issue.
9.2.	If the issue exists again, QT will change the status of that issue from resolved to  feed back in bug tracker.
9.3.	Then QT send 2nd feedback mail to the DT members.
10.	If DTL does not reply to the feedback mail, QT will send a reminder mail to DTL
11.	QT check whether DTL send comment for 2nd feedback issue. Repeat the process 10 and 11 until QT get the comment from DTL for feedback.
12.	After get the DTL comment for feedback, QT update the comments for feedback issue in the bug tracker.
13.	After that DT does not fix the issue in 48 hours, QT will send a mail to DT.
14.	If DT fix the feedback issues in 48 hours, DT release the feedback issue to QT after solving it.
14.1.	QT again test the issue which is released by DT, If the issue does not exists again, QT closed the issue.
14.2.	If the issue exists again, QT will change the status of that issue from resolved to feed back in bug tracker.
14.3.	Then QT send feedback mail to the DT members.
15.	If PM does not reply to the feedback mail, QT will send a reminder mail to DTL.
16.	QT check whether PM send comment for feedback issue. Repeat the process 15 and 16 until QT get the comment from PM for feedback.
17.	After get the PM comment for feedback, QT update the comments for feedback issue in the bug tracker.
18.	After that DT does not fix the issue in 48 hours, QT will send a mail to DT.
19.	If DT fix the feedback issues in 48 hours, DT release the feedback issue to QT after solving it.

Done By  								           Verified By

(KALAIMANI P)							         (JOHNNY P)

